AND TO GO AHEAD AND TURN ON THE
MIKES AT FOUR OR ONE I'M GOING
TO CALL THIS MEETING TO ORDER.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WELCOME
TO THE ANN ARBOR COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES MEETING FOR
DECEMBER 17TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE JUST AS A
REMINDER TO EVERYONE AND ALL
THE VIEWERS, THIS MEETING WILL
BE BROADCAST LIVE ON C10 CABLE
CHANNEL 16 AT&T CHANNEL NINE
AND ONLINE AT 8:00 TO GO WATCH
CTM AND OF COURSE TO SPEAK AT
PUBLIC COMMENT THIS AFTERNOON
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CALL TOLL
FREE EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT
FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN
OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN
EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO NINE NINE
AND INTERMEETING ID NINE ONE
NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE
FOUR FIVE FIVE.
>> WITH THAT LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, WE WILL DO ROLL CALL
FOR ALL OF US WHOSE NAME IS
CALLED PLEASE EITHER UNMUTED
YOU ARE MIKE EITHER HERE IN
CHAMBERS AND OR VIRTUALLY AND
ONE CALL THE PLAN AND PLEASE
SAY YOUR NAME POSITION AND
WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM
TODAY.
>> KENNEDY JUST LETTING SOME
PEOPLE OK
CHEER DAMAN HI.
YES.
ZACH DAMON COMING TO YOU FROM
ANN ARBOR MICHIGAN.
>> WASHTENAW COUNTY
COMMISSIONER OZICK HELLO
COMMISSIONER KATHLEEN BROZAK
AND I'M ANDY CHAMBERS.
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON MATTHEWS
AND COMMISSIONER COUNCIL
CHAMBERS THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
PACARD COMMISSIONER PACARD HERE
IN ANN ARBOR CITY HALL COUNCIL
CHAMBERS THANK YOU VICE CHAIR
KEILLER, COMMISSIONER HAWKINS,
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE
COMMISSIONER BEWES INCOME
BOWER'S ABSENT AND CONRADE
ABSENT.
THANK YOU.
>> NEXT WE MOVE ON TO PUBLIC
COMMENT JUST TO REMIND THE
COMMUNITY ANYBODY THAT DOES
RESPOND TO PUBLIC COMMENT YOU
HAVE THREE MINUTES FOR YOUR
TIME UPON CONCLUSION OF THE
THREE MINUTES KENNEDY WILL LET
YOU KNOW THAT YOUR TIME IS UP.
KENNEDY DO WE HAVE ANYONE ON
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT THIS
AFTERNOON?
>> AT THIS TIME WE HAVE NO ONE
ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
NO ONE ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
I SO WITH THAT WE WILL MOVE
FORWARD TO THE NEXT ITEM WHICH
IS THE APPROVAL OF TODAY'S
AGENDA.
EVERYONE ON THE COMMISSION AND
EVERYONE WHO IS PRESENTING
SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED AN AGENDA
FOR TODAY'S MEETING IF YOU HAVE
NOT RECEIVED AN AGENDA FOR
TODAY'S MEETING, PLEASE LET US
KNOW WHEN WE CAN PROVIDE EITHER
AND IN-PERSON PHYSICAL COPY FOR
YOU OR A DIGITAL VERSION.
BUT WITH THAT IF THERE ARE NO
EDITS TO THE AGENDA, IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY'S
AGENDA?
>> THIS IS KATHLEEN.
I'LL MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE.
>> THANK YOU, KATHLEEN.
IS THERE A SECOND TO APPROVE
TODAY'S MEETING AGENDA?
>> I'LL SECOND THIRD.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER PACKARD
SECONDS.
CAN WE PAUSE FOR A BRIEF MOMENT
?
>> I'M JUST OH SURE.
YES.
WE'RE GOING TO PAUSE FOR A
BRIEF MOMENT AND LET SOME OTHER
COMMISSIONERS IN
HELLO.
>> IT'S A PARTY.
NO PROBLEM.
SURE.
OH, RIGHT.
THERE YOU WON'T TOO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
SURE.
OH, THROUGH THE ROOF.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU GOT IT, LARRY.
IT'S A CHAIR.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, LARRY.
SO ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
>> ALL RIGHT.
LARRY.
I'M JUST TO YOUR LEFT.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
DO YOU WANT TO SPEAK YOUR MIKE
IS TO THE RIGHT OF YOU AND IT'S
ON OH AFTER THE MEETING I'LL
GIVE YOU MY STUFF, OK?
MY CONTACT INFORMATION.
PERFECT.
THANK YOU.
RIGHT.
THANK YOU KENNEDY IF WE COULD
COULD WE JUST HAVE THE
COMMISSIONERS FOR THE RECORD
JUST STATE THEIR NAME, THEIR
ROLE AND WHERE THEY'RE COMING
FROM TODAY.
>> ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT ARTS
NEW ARRIVALS OF A WHOLE BATCH?
NO O IS YOUR MIKE NOT?
>> HI, THIS IS RACHEL HAWKINS
COMING TO YOU FROM CITY COUNCIL
IN THE HARBOR.
>> THANK YOU.
AND I'M LARRY KEYLA, VICE CHAIR
CURRENTLY AND COMING TO YOU
FROM CITY HALL AS WELL.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
SO JUST SO TO FILL THE OTHER
COMMISSIONERS THEN WE WERE
MOVING ON TO THE APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ HAD MADE
A MOTION TO APPROVE.
COMMISSIONER PACKARD HAD SECOND
IT.
DID YOU GUYS HAVE ANY THINGS TO
EDIT OR ADD TO THE AGENDA TODAY
OR THAT'S ALL RIGHT NOW I DI
ALL RIGHT.
>> ALL RIGHT.
NO WORRIES.
>> SO MOVING FORWARD WITH THE
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA ALL IN
FAVOR OF APPROVING TODAY'S
AGENDA.
THOSE OF YOU THAT ARE HERE IN
COUNCIL CHAMBERS AND ARE
VIEWING THEM IF YOU COULD ON
MUTE AND SAY AY AY AY, I THANK
YOU.
>> TODAY'S AGENDA HAS BEEN
IMPROVED.
NEXT WE MOVE TO THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES FROM OUR
NOVEMBER 19TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE MEETING
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED A
DIGITAL COPY OF THE MINUTES AND
THEN WE ALSO HAVE IN-PERSON
COPIES HERE IN COUNCIL CHAMBERS
AS WELL FOR ANYBODY THAT WOULD
LIKE THAT IF ANYONE HAS NOT
RECEIVED A COPY OF THE MEETING
MINUTES, PLEASE LET US KNOW AND
WE CAN PROVIDE YOU ONE AT THIS
TIME WITH THAT IF THERE ARE NO
EDITS TO THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM NOVEMBER, IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM NOVEMBER?
I'LL MOVE TO APPROVE.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
>> IS THERE A SECOND THIS IS
KATHLEEN.
>> I'LL SECOND.
THANK YOU, KATHLEEN.
OK, ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
NOVEMBER 19TH PLEASE ON MUTE
AND SAY I I I THANK YOU.
>> THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
NOVEMBER ARE APPROVED AND NEXT
WE MOVE FORWARD TO THE CITY
PERSONNEL REPORTS WITH KENNEDY
CUMMING'S KENNEDY.
HI EVERYONE.
NO UPDATE FOR YOU AT THIS TIME
BUT I DID WANT TO MAKE
THAT MORE COMMISSION BUSINESS
CARDS HAVE BEEN ORDERED.
>> ZACH HAS THEM NEXT TO HIM.
SO IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE
SOME TO PASS OUT, YOU CAN
THEY'RE AVAILABLE AND YOU JUST
PUT YOUR NAME ON THEM AND THEN
YOU CAN JUST PASS THEM OUT.
>> AND BESIDES THAT, I DON'T
THINK I HAVE ANYTHING ELSE.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY AND THANK
YOU TO THE CITY FOR REPRINTING
THOSE.
YES.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE NOT
SEEN THE DESIGN, IT JUST SAYS
ANN ARBOR COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES WITH THE CITY
HALL ADDRESS THE CITY SEAL TO
THE LEFT OF THAT AND THEN ABOVE
IT HAS OUR EMAIL AND THEN OUR
PHONE AND EXTENSION AND THEN
THERE IS A SPACE FOR US TO
WRITE IN OUR NAMES IF WE DO
INTERACT WITH COMMUNITY MEMBERS
WHO WOULD LIKE TO GET A HOLD
OF US OR ANY COMMISSIONER THAT
THEY DO CONTACT SO THANK YOU
KENNEDY AND THANK YOU TO THE
CITY ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE CAN MOVE ON TO THE CITY
COUNCIL UPDATE WITH OUR COUNCIL
LIAISON COUNCIL MEMBER AISHA
GHAZI.
I HAVE ONE THAT I WISH I COULD
BE THERE IN PERSON AND I
PERSONALLY AS I HAVE CONDITIONS
SO I'M TRYING TO MINIMIZE CUT
DOWN BUT I THINK THAT, YOU
KNOW, ESSENTIALLY MY REPORT OUT
IT IS I HAVE WORK ON SOME
SUBMIT IT TO THE LAND USE PLAN
WHICH WOULD SO AND PULL OUT
JUST AS AND OTHER ACCESS
RELATED IS THAT I JUST REALLY
NEED TO BE MORE PROMINENT
STANDARD I CAN CONNECT WITH
LAND USE ACCESSIBILITY AND
AFFORDABLE HOUSING AND
DISABILITY PROCESS.
>> SO I HAVE SUBMITTED THAT I
GOT SOME OF YOU SOME THE
COMMISSION COMMENTS SO THANK
YOU FOR THAT AND THAT
COUNCIL
MEMBER I THINK YOU CUT OUT JUST
A LITTLE BIT.
I THINK SHE'S MUTED ONE MOMENT
FOLKS
.
COUNCIL MEMBER, WOULD YOU MIND
ON MEETING IF POSSIBLE
?
OK, SOUNDED LIKE HER CONNECTION
IS A LITTLE TENUOUS.
>> YEAH, I'M SO SORRY FOLKS.
IT SEEMS LIKE WE'RE HAVING A
BIT OF TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES.
>> I THINK HER CONNECTIONS
MESSED UP.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE VIEWERS.
I THINK WE HAD A BIT
OF CONNECTION ISSUE THERE WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER GARTSIDE ONE BUT
SHE WAS GIVING AN UPDATE AND WE
DO APPRECIATE ALL OF HER WORK
WITH THE COMPREHENSIVE LAND USE
PLAN SHE DID DRAFT A RESOLUTION
AND WE ARE STILL REVISING THAT
TOGETHER AT THIS TIME.
>> I DON'T HEAR OK, COUNCIL
MEMBER IS BACK.
>> YEAH, SORRY ABOUT THAT.
>> OK, FOR SOME REASON I GOT
DISCONNECTED BUT I THINK GO
HELP INTO THAT WHAT YOU WERE
SAYING.
SO I SUGGESTED SOME OF PLANNING
DEPARTMENT THEY CAME BACK WITH
SOME COMMENTS AND SO WE FEEL
SOME OF THIS IS ALREADY IN THE
CONFERENCE OF LAND USE PLAN AND
WE ARE GOING TO CONTINUE
WORKING ON A FEW OF US IN THE
COMMISSION AND RESUBMITTED IN
THE NEW YEAR OUTSTRETCHED HANDS
ON THAT.
>> UM, DID ANYBODY WANT
ANYTHING REPEATED?
I KNOW THAT THERE IS A BIT OF A
CHOPPY CONNECTION THERE.
DID ANYBODY WANT ANYTHING
REPEATED BY COUNCIL MEMBER AT
THIS TIME NOW DID YOU SAY THE
RESOLUTION IS STILL BEING
DRAFTED OR IS IT SOMETHING THAT
COULD BE READ AT THIS POINT OR
I CAN DEFINITELY SHARE THE
RESOLUTION WITH ALL OF YOU, YOU
KNOW THOSE ASPECTS OF IT THAT
WILL ALSO FOCUS ON AFFORDABLE
HOUSING AND HOMELESSNESS AND
THE PLANNING DEPARTMENT
SUGGESTED TO ME THAT THOSE
SHOULD BE SUBMITTED IN A
DIFFERENT FORMAT THE PLANNING
COMMISSION SO YOU CAN IGNORE
THAT PART OF THE RESOLUTION I
CAN SHARE WITH ALL OF YOU BUT
WHAT I'M TRYING TO DO IS JUST
WORK WITH THE PLANNING
DEPARTMENT TO SEE WHAT CAN BE
INCLUDED IN WHAT FORMAT IS
BEST.
>> OK, UNDERSTOOD.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER.
WE DO APPRECIATE OUT GO AHEAD.
>> NO I JUST WANNA SAY THANK
YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR COUNCIL
MEMBER.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> I'M MOVING ON TO OUR SPECIAL
PRESENTATION PORTION OF THE
MEETING.
OUR FIRST REPORTS IS FOR THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PRINT DISABLED WITH KATIE
MIND KEVIN KATIE WELCOME.
>> TODAY WE HAVE BETH BETH THIS
IS OUT OF TOWN.
>> OH PARDON ME.
HI BETH.
>> HELLO.
WELL I BETH YOU HI.
>> Y'ALL CAN HEAR ME PRETTY
WELL.
VERY GOOD.
OH YES.
I'M BETH AND I'M WITH THE ANN
ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY BUT WHO
ADMINISTERED THE LIBRARY FOR
THE BLIND AND PRINT DISABLED.
JUST WANT TO LET YOU KNOW SO
MANY EVENTS COMING UP TOMORROW
WE HAVE INTRO TO 3D PRINTING IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED IN LEARNING
ABOUT 3D PRINTING, YOU CAN JOIN
US IN AN INFORMATIVE SESSION
ABOUT THE HOBBY ITSELF AND THE
LIBRARY'S RESOURCES FOR 3D
PRINTING.
IT WILL ALLOW FOR QUESTIONS AND
ANSWERS AND PATRONS WILL BE
ABLE TO PRINT A SMALL OBJECT TO
TAKE HOME.
SO THAT'S TOMORROW FROM FIVE
THIRTY TO SEVEN THIRTY IN OUR
SECRET LAB IN THE LOWER LEVEL
OF THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY.
ALSO SATURDAY DECEMBER 20TH
SUPER SMASH BROTHERS ULTIMATE
TOURNAMENT NO ONE LEFT TO BEAT
COME SEE THE BEST EVER HAS TO
OFFER.
WE PROVIDE THE SWITCHES YOU
SUPPLY THE SMASH.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT ANY THIS
MEANS BUT I KIND OF DO.
BUT ANYWAY JOIN US FOR THE
LONGEST RUNNING SMASH SERIES IN
TOWN AND A CHANCE TO WIN A
PRIZE THAT SATURDAY DECEMBER
20TH FROM ONE TO FOUR IN OUR
FOURTH FLOOR PROGRAM ROOM WHICH
IS FOR TEENS AND ADULTS.
>> ANOTHER PROGRAM IN JANUARY
JANUARY 10TH ALL ABOUT BRAILLE
.
JOIN US AS WE EXPLORE THE
BRAILLE ALPHABET AND OTHER
TECHNICAL MEANS
OF COMMUNICATION.
USE A SLATE STYLUS TO WRITE IN
BRAILLE, MAKE A CRAFT OF YOUR
NAME AND COMPLETE A TACTILE
COLORING SHEET PLAY WITH
BRAILLE LEGO SET AND MORE.
THAT WILL BE JANUARY 10TH
SATURDAY FROM ONE TO TWO AT THE
WEST EIGHT WEST SIDE ROOM.
THAT'S FOR PRESCHOOLERS TO
ELEMENTARY.
>> SO WHAT'S NEW UNBARRED?
HERE'S A BOOK CALLED GOBSMACKED
THE BRITISH INVASION
OF AMERICAN ENGLISH.
THE DESCRIPTION IS THAT IT'S A
SPARTAN GUIDE TO HOW AND WHY
AMERICANS HAVE BECOME SO BLOODY
KEEN ON BRITISHISMS FIRHILL FOR
GOOD OR ILL AND THAT'S BY BEN
YAGODA AND ANOTHER BOOK THAT'S
NEW ON BOARD WHICH I THOUGHT WE
MIGHT ALL BE ABLE TO APPRECIATE
THE CONCEPT WHICH IS CALMING
YOUR ANGRY MIND HOW MINDFULNESS
COMPASSION CAN FREE YOU FROM
ANGER AND BRING PEACE TO YOUR
LIFE.
DO YOU NEED THE NUMBERS FOR
THAT?
I DON'T KNOW STEVE ONE THREE
TWO ZERO FIVE EIGHT THE
DESCRIPTION ANGER IS A NATURAL
EMOTION AND A PART OF WHAT
MAKES US HUMAN.
BUT WHEN YOU LOSE CONTROL
OF YOUR ANGER IT CAN GET IN THE
WAY OF MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP,
SUCCESSFUL CAREERS AND
ULTIMATELY FEELINGS
OF HAPPINESS AND ENJOYMENT.
>> YEAH.
GETS IN THE WAY OF THAT IN THIS
HIGHLY ANTICIPATED BOOK,
RENOWNED MINDFULNESS EXPERT AND
AUTHOR OF COMING YOUR ANXIOUS
MIND CHECK, GRANTLY OFFERS A
BREAKTHROUGH APPROACH USING A
MINDFULNESS BASED STRESS
REDUCTION WHICH IS AMBEGAOKAR
AND COMPASSION PRACTICES TO
HELP YOU BETTER HANDLE THE
ANGER, FEAR AND HOSTILE
EMOTIONS THAT CAN WREAK HAVE IT
AT HOME WORKING IN
RELATIONSHIPS.
IN ADDITION YOU WILL LEARN
IMPORTANT SELF-AWARENESS SKILLS
TO HELP YOU STOP OVERREACTING
AND IMPROVE COMMUNICATION WITH
OTHERS WHILE OTHER SELF-HELP
BOOKS FOCUS ON TRADITIONAL
ANGER MANAGEMENT, BRANTLEY
OFFERS SOLUTIONS THAT GIVE YOU
PERSONAL CONTROL OVER THE
EXPERIENCE OF ANGER IN YOUR
LIFE.
IN ADDITION, YOU WILL ALSO
LEARN IMPORTANT SELF-AWARENESS
SKILLS TO HELP YOU STOP,
OVERREACT AND IMPROVE
COMMUNICATION WITH OTHERS.
>> SOUNDS GOOD AND THAT'S
WHAT'S NEW UNBARRED.
THANK YOU BETH.
BOTH OF THE ALL OF THOSE SOUNDS
VERY INTERESTING.
UM, ANY QUESTIONS FOR BETH AND
THE WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE
BLIND AND PRINT DISABLED
COMMISSIONER OZICK?
>> YES.
AND THEN LARRY, WE'LL GO TO YOU
AFTER COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ.
>> BETH, I'M JUST WONDERING
WITH THE HOLIDAYS UPON US, ARE
THERE ANY SPECIAL THINGS WE
NEED TO BE AWARE OF IN TERMS
OF CLOSING I ASSUME CHRISTMAS
DAY AND NEW YEAR'S DAY?
BUT DO YOU HAVE ANY HOURS THAT
ARE SHORTENED LIKE ON THE EVES
?
GOOD QUESTION.
SO WE ARE CLOSED ON CHRISTMAS
EVE AND CHRISTMAS DAY.
WE CLOSE AT 6:00 P.M. ON NEW
YEAR'S EVE AND ARE CLOSE ON NEW
YEAR'S DAY.
>> SO THAT'S THE ONLY SHORTENED
HOURS THAT WE HAVE.
>> THAT WOULD BE NEXT
WEDNESDAY.
I MEAN TWO WEEKS FROM TODAY
CLOSE AT SIX AND THEN OTHERWISE
NO OTHER CHANGE IN HOURS OVER
THE WEEKENDS AND STUFF
.
>> BUT THANKS FOR ASKING ANY
OTHER QUESTIONS.
OH, YES.
>> VICE CHAIR KILLER IT WAS ME
THE QUESTION IS DID YOU SAY
BRAIL LEGO?
>> YES.
I WANT TO SEE I MIGHT COME UP
THERE JUST TO SEE THAT I WANT
TO KNOW WHERE TO GET ONE.
>> LARRY, WE DO HAVE A REAL
LEGO SET AND WE ALSO HAVE A
POTENTIAL UM LOOK, THERE'S A
WOMAN THAT ACTUALLY MADE A
BRAILLE USING A BRAILLE LEGOS
AND SHE WROTE IT SHE ENTERED IT
IN OUR BRAILLE CONTESSA'S PAST
SUMMER AND IT SAYS SO ALL MAY
READ WHICH IS THE ANALYST
SLOGAN.
>> SO SHE CREATED THAT IN USING
THE BRAILLE LEGO.
SO I'M HOPING THAT SHE'LL BRING
THAT THAT DAY.
>> SO IT'D BE LOVELY TO SEE YOU
THERE.
IF I MISS IT THOUGH CAN I STILL
SEE CAN I GO TO THE DISTRICT
THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY AND SEE IT
OR THE WEST GET SAY WELL WE ARE
HOPING THAT WE WILL GET THAT
IN.
I'VE PROPOSED THAT WE PUT IT IN
A IN A WHAT DO YOU CALL IT A
GLASSED IN OH I WANT TO KNOW
YOU GOT TO BUT BUT BUT WE SINCE
WE DO HAVE THE BRAILLE LEGOS I
MEAN WE COULD WORK IT OUT FOR
YOU TO GET GET A LOOK AT THEM
IF YOU'RE NOT ABLE TO COME TO
THE PROGRAM JUST REACH OUT TO
US.
>> WELL THANK YOU.
I'M CURIOUS.
YEAH YEAH WE HAVE THEM IN A
CLOSET AND I REALLY HAVEN'T
LOOKED AT THEM MYSELF BUT BUT
BUT THEY'RE A THING AND THERE
ARE BRAILLE LEGOS AND OTHER
LIBRARIES AROUND THE COUNTRY DO
SOME PROGRAMING WITH THOSE AS
WELL.
SO THANKS FOR ASKING.
WONDERFUL.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS
AT THIS TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH BETH AND
THANK YOU TO THE STAFF.
>> THANK YOU OF THE WASHINGTON
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED.
>> APPRECIATE THE OPPORTUNITY.
>> THANK YOU.
SURE I NEXT MOVING FORWARD WE
HAVE THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW, MONROE, LIVINGSTON
REPORTS WITH ANDREA HENRY
ANDREA, GOOD AFTERNOON.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
WHERE YOU JUST SHORT AND SWEET
AND QUICK REPORT THIS AFTERNOON
MOSTLY JUST TO LET YOU ALL KNOW
THAT STARTING MONDAY DECEMBER
TWENTY SECOND THROUGH SUNDAY
JANUARY 4TH OUR OFFICES WILL BE
CLOSED.
WE ARE TAKING A BRIEF BREAK AND
HIATUS AT THE END OF THE YEAR
SO WE WILL NOT HAVE ANY
PROGRAMING OR SERVICES DURING
THAT TIME STAFF WILL BE
AVAILABLE AGAIN STARTING MONDAY
JANUARY 5TH BUT NEVER FEAR IN
THE COMING MONTHS AND IN THE
NEW YEAR LOTS OF NEW PROGRAMING
AND EVENTS WILL TAKE PLACE
INCLUDING A WHOLE SLATE
OF ACTIVITIES THAT ARE COMING
THAT ARE GOING TO BE SPECIAL
AND UNIQUE TO DISABILITY
NETWORK TURNING FIFTY YEARS OLD
IN TWENTY TWENTY SIX SO LOOK
FOR THOSE SPECIAL EVENTS IN
ADDITION TO A LOT OF OUR
REGULAR EVENTS AND PROGRAMING
AND SERVICES BUT THAT IS ALL I
HAVE FOR THE COMMISSION TODAY
UNLESS ANYBODY HAS ANY
QUESTIONS.
ANDREA, JUST A COMMENT FIRST
OF ALL CONGRATULATIONS HAD THE
TIME FOR THAT GREAT OCCASION
DISABILITY NETWORK TURNING 50
YEARS OLD.
PLEASE KEEP THE COMMISSION
INFORMED ON ANY SALUTARY EVENTS
GOING ON FOR THAT MYSELF AND
HOPEFULLY MANY OTHERS IN THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY HOPEFULLY
CAN COME OUT AND HELP SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
>> WHAT WAS THAT?
YEAH, GO HAD ONE WAS THAT AGAIN
SO THERE'S GOING TO EVENTS ALL
THROUGHOUT TWENTY TWENTY SIX
AND CELEBRATION SO WE'RE GOING
TO PROBABLY HAVE A LOT OF SMALL
EVENTS THROUGHOUT THE YEAR
RATHER THAN TARGETING A
SPECIFIC DATE OR EVENT.
SO MORE TO COME I'M SURE AT THE
COMMISSION MEETING IN IN
JANUARY SOMETHING'S GOING TO
HAPPEN PRIOR TO THAT MEETING.
I'LL MAKE SURE THAT THAT
INFORMATION GETS PASSED ALONG
SO THAT YOU ALL HAVE THAT
INFORMATION SO THAT SOMETHING
OCCUR BEFORE THE NEXT
COMMISSION MEETING.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I DO APPRECIATE ALL.
THANK YOU.
OH, I WAS JUST GOING TO SAY
BEFORE YOU GO I REALLY
APPRECIATE YOU SPEAKING
ANYTHING THAT GOES ON IN THE
COMING YEAR I SEE US AS KIND
OF UNITED AND FOR THE SAME
CAUSE SO PLEASE LET US KNOW HOW
WE CAN HELP PROMOTE AND BE
INVOLVED.
THANK YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH AND THANK YOU
TO THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW, MONROE, LIVINGSTON
AND ALL OF THE WORK THAT THEY
DO FOR OUR COMMUNITY MOVING
FORWARD.
WE HAVE THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
COMMITTEE UPDATE WITH VICE
CHAIRMAN LARRY CHIMAIRA HERE WE
FIND MY NOTES.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THERE THEY ARE.
>> I THINK
MAKING SURE THAT I
GOT THE RIGHT DATE BECAUSE IT
LOOKS LIKE I WROTE THE WRONG
DATE BUT WE WE AGAIN DISCUSSED
A LITTLE BIT ABOUT HOW SOCIAL
MEDIA WAS GOING AND WE
DISCUSSED WE DISCUSSED FORMING
A BYLAW COMMITTEE BECAUSE WHEN
I INITIALLY THOUGHT FOR THE
BYLAWS I THOUGHT I WANTED TO
TRY TO MAKE SURE THAT WE GOT
OUR CHANGES BEFORE ELECTIONS.
BUT NOW THAT WE HAVEN'T WE
WE'VE GOT A COUPLE OF YEARS IN
WHICH WE CAN HASH OVER THOSE
BYLAWS AND I'D LIKE TO DO A
BYLAW COMMITTEE.
>> WE COULD DO ANY POTENTIAL
CHANGES AND PRESENT THEM TO THE
COMMISSION WITHIN THE NEXT TWO
YEARS OR AND WE WERE ALSO THERE
WERE ALSO FOR THE SOCIAL MEDIA
COMMITTEE THEY WERE TALKING
ABOUT GETTING THAT TOGETHER AND
MAYBE MEETING IS STILL MEETING
WITH THE U OF PERSON THAT WE
WERE SUPPOSED TO MEET WITH AND
ALSO WE HAD WE WANT TO KEEP
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US AND
THE LIBRARY GOING ON SO THAT WE
CAN MAKE SURE THAT THAT OUR
INFLUENCE ON ACCESSIBILITY IS
KNOWN AND ISN'T KIND OF LIKE
SWEPT UNDER THE RUG.
WE WERE THINKING ABOUT THAT
CAME FROM THE THE YELLOW AND
THE YELLOW LINES AND THE BUMPER
THE BUMPS ON THE CURB SO THAT
ARE ON THE BY THE STAIRS SO YOU
CAN TELL WHAT'S WHAT AND WHY WE
WANT TO SEE WHERE AND I'M GOING
TO TRY TO DO THAT TONIGHT TO
SEE WHERE THE THIRD STREET
PROJECT FOR THE STEPS THAT WE
WERE TALKING ABOUT TO GET THE
STEPS REMOVED FROM THIRD STREET
WE PUT THAT IN AND I'VE HEARD
THAT IT'S ON THE BOARD BUT WE
KIND OF WANT TO KNOW WHERE
BECAUSE IT'S OUT I THINK IT'S
WINTERTIME AND THAT MIGHT BE A
LITTLE PROBLEM IN THE WINTER.
>> BUT YOU KNOW, WE GOT TO SEE
WHERE THAT SIT AND I'M GOING
I'M GOING TO CALL FOR BECAUSE
AS YOU SEE I'M WE'RE SWITCHING
POSITIONS NEXT MONTH AND I WANT
TO GET RID OF A LIGHT I WANT TO
DELEGATE SOME OF THE THE
RECRUITING COMMITTEE OUT, FOR
EXAMPLE.
AND I WANT TO FIND A CHAIRMAN
FOR THE EPA COMMITTEE NOT THAT
I WOULDN'T DO IT BUT IT LOOKS
LIKE WHEN I TURN ON THE BOARD
I'M ALL OVER THE PLACE.
>> SO I'D LIKE TO DELEGATE A
LITTLE AND THEN WE TALKED ABOUT
HOW WE WERE GOING TO INCLUDE
THE PEOPLE ON ZOOM IN THIS
PARTICULAR MEETING AND THAT IS
IT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I DO APPRECIATE ALL YOUR WORK
THAT YOU'VE DONE WITH THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMITTEE.
THEY'RE VERY IMPORTANT WORK AND
THANK YOU ALSO TO OUR NEW
SOCIAL MEDIA COMMITTEE AND MR.
AND BAUER WHO COULD NOT JOIN US
TODAY.
I HOPE YOU'RE FEELING BETTER
BUT YES, I DO LOOK FORWARD TO
BUILDING THAT COMMITTEE AND
ALSO MEETING WITH THE PARTIES
THAT YOU SPOKE OF AS WELL.
>> NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO
THE COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
COMMITTEE REPORT WITH
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS THERE
HANDLE COUNCIL MEMBER EBON
THANK YOU.
I JUST WANTED TO ASK
COMMISSIONER KEELER THANK YOU
FOR SHARING ALL THOSE UPDATES
SO WONDERING IF THERE IS A
PLACE THAT SOME OF THOSE ITEMS
ARE JUST WRITTEN DOWN SO THAT I
CAN HAVE THEM AND FOLLOW UP ON
THEM WITH STAFF ESPECIALLY
CONSIDERING THE SIDEWALK APPS
AND SOME OF THE OTHER THINGS
THAT WERE SHARED.
>> THAT'S SOMETHING THAT CAN
JUST BE SHARED WITH ME.
I THINK I HAVE YOUR EMAIL
ADDRESS IN THE AND I CAN SEND
YOU SOME OF THE CORRESPONDENCE
THAT I'VE GOT BE YEAH THAT
WOULD BE FANTASTIC.
>> AND THEN I CAN TOUCH BASE
AND STAFF AND MAKE SURE THEY'RE
MOVING FORWARD.
>> OH THANK YOU.
THAT WOULD WORK TO DO THAT THIS
WEEK.
>> WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> AND LARRY, IF YOU NEED ANY
ASSISTANCE OR IF YOU HAVE ANY
TROUBLE LOCATING ANYTHING OR
NEEDING TO FORWARD INFORMATION
,PLEASE FEEL FREE TO LET ME
KNOW AND I CAN ASSIST.
>> OH BELIEVE ME YOU'RE TAGGED
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
YOU GET TO BE THE NEXT DO IT
SOUNDS GOOD.
PARDON
IF I MAY NOW I CAN ONLY
DO WE HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS
OR OK SO NOW DO THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT
WITH RACHEL HAWKINS.
>> RACHEL GOOD AFTERNOON.
YES GOOD AFTERNOON.
NOT MUCH TO REPORT THIS MONTH
SO I HAVE BEEN AWAY FOR THE
PAST THREE OR FOUR DAYS SO I, I
HAD NOT SEEN IF I GOT AN UPDATE
FROM CTA YET I HAVEN'T SEEN IT
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN IT'S NOT
THERE SO IF I DO FIND SOMETHING
IN MY WORK EMAIL FROM THEM ONCE
I GET BACK I WILL SEND THAT TO
KENNEDY SO SHE CAN GET THAT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ADDED TO
ADDED TO OUR SCHEDULE.
BUT I KNOW THAT FOR ALL
OF THEIR SHOWS THAT THEY ARE
ADDED ON AND RECLUSIVE ON THEIR
YOUTUBE CHANNEL.
SO EVEN IF YOU CHECK THE
YOUTUBE CHANNEL IT WILL BE ABLE
TO SHOW YOU IF THERE'S ANYONE,
ONE ADDED.
>> AND IF YOU HAVE IDEAS FOR
FUTURE SHOWS THAT IS SOMETHING
I KNOW THEY'RE ALSO OPEN TO.
WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU, RACHEL AND WELCOME
BACK.
I'M GLAD YOUR TRAVELS WERE WERE
SAFE AND FRUITFUL.
>> GLAD TO BE BACK.
YEAH.
AND YEAH EVERYONE IF YOU HAVE
IDEAS FOR ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE
FEEL FREE TO SUBMIT THEM AND
LET US KNOW ALL RIGHT.
>> MOVING ON IF WE CAN UNLESS
THERE ARE ANY QUESTIONS FOR
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS AT THIS
TIME.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M MOVING ON TO RECRUITING
ACTIVITY WITH MR. LARRY KEYLA
LARRY, I HAVE HEARD NOTHING I
HAVE HEARD NOTHING ABOUT
ANYTHING.
>> WE HAVE TWO OPENINGS AND I
KNEW WE HAD SOMEBODY THAT WAS
FLOATING AROUND FOR AN
INTERVIEW SEVERAL MONTHS AGO
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
TO THAT AND BUT OTHER THAN
THAT, WE GOT TWO OPENINGS AND
WE'RE CALLING FOR PEOPLE TO TO
CHECK IT OUT IF YOU WANT TO
CHECK IT OUT AND SERVE YOUR
COMMUNITY AS I'M ON THIS
COMMISSION, YOU CAN CONTACT
CITY HALL.
>> WHAT IS WHAT IS THE WHAT IS
THE INTERNET THING FOR THE
EIGHT DOT GOV YOU CAN GO TO
EIGHT TO DOT GOV BOARDS AND
COMMISSIONS.
ALL RIGHT.
AND FOR THOSE OF THE COMMUNITY
WATCHING I MEAN WHY SHOULD THEY
JOIN THE COMMISSION?
>> COME ON.
GIVE IT A LITTLE GIVE IT A
LITTLE OH WELL THANK YOU THAT
YOU SHOULD JOIN THE COMMISSION
FOR SEVERAL REASONS.
ONE WE'RE ALL RIGHT FOLKS.
BUT ALSO YOU CAN MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IN YOUR COMMUNITIES,
ESPECIALLY YOUR COMMUNITIES
ACCESSIBILITY AND YOU CAN BE
YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO
SPEAK AND LIAISON WITH CITY
COUNCIL TO TRY TO CHANGE POLICY
TO TO OUR OUR BENEFIT WHETHER
YOU CAN WHETHER YOU HAVE A
PHYSICAL OR MENTAL DISABILITY.
WE'RE TRYING TO WORK ON CHANGE
AND FULL INCLUSION AND
ACCESSIBILITY IN OUR COMMUNITY
AND YOU CAN HELP WITH THAT.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I APPRECIATE APPRECIATE THAT.
YES.
WELL DONE.
SO BUT DON'T GO ANYWHERE, LARRY
,BECAUSE BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
NEXT ON THE AGENDA IS THE
TRANSPORT COMMISSION UPDATE.
>> WHERE AM I GOING TO GO?
I CAN'T RUN ANYWHERE AND
INCIDENTALLY IT'S REALLY NICE
TO BE DOWN HERE.
IT'S BEEN YEARS SINCE WE'VE
BEEN DOWN HERE AND AS FAR AS
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE,
THIS IS ONE I'M KEEPING
ESPECIALLY SINCE I'M ACTUALLY
REGISTERED AS A MEMBER OF THAT
COMMISSION.
>> SO I'M GOING TO KEEP THIS
ONE.
>> THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT MY ONE
OF THE THINGS GOING AROUND IS
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT A TRANSIT
BUILDING, A MADISON TRANSIT
CENTER BY TWO THOUSAND FIFTY
AND IT'S GOING TO BE AND IT'S
GOING TO BE ON MADISON AND
HOOVER AND I IN THAT GENERAL
AREA I CAN'T REMEMBER THE OTHER
STREET MADISON HOOVER AND I
THINK I'M NOT GOING TO SQUARE
TO THE OTHER STREETS BUT I
THINK IT'S GOING TO BE DOWN IN
THAT AREA OFF OF MADISON AND
HOOVER ON MADISON ON ONE SIDE,
HOOVER ON THE OTHER.
>> THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
BUILDING IT BY TWENTY FIFTEEN.
I'M NOT SURE THERE'S GOING TO
BE A BUILDING INVOLVED OR
ANYTHING BUT IT'S GOING TO BE A
MAJOR HUB FOR BUS BUS TRANSIT
AND THEY'RE PUTTING UP NEW
DORMS IN THAT AREA AND
EXPANDING AND EXPANDING
TRANSPORTATION FOR AT
EVENTUALLY AND AND ALSO FOR U
OF THEM AND THEY'RE GOING TO
MAYBE WIDEN DIVISION AND
ENCOURAGE ENCOURAGE BIKES TO GO
AROUND THE BUSSES WHICH I'M NOT
SURE HOW THEY'RE GOING TO DO
THAT.
>> BUT SOME THE BIKES SEEM TO
WANT TO GO WHERE THEY'RE AT AT
THE MOMENT WHERE THEY WHEREVER
THEY WANT AT THE MOMENT.
>> BUT THAT'S MY PERSONAL
OPINION AND THERE'S MORE
THERE'S A TRAFFIC SIGNAL DESIGN
GOING ON AND I'M WHAT SHOULD I
SAY HERE?
>> ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY WILL
BE INSTALLED HAVEN'T WE HAVEN'T
REACHED THE VISION ZERO GOALS
YET AND CRASHED THE CRASH
REPORT WE WENT THROUGH THE
CRASH REPORT AND THAT WAS KIND
OF UNSTABLE AND ALL THE STUFF
THEY'VE DONE SO FAR HASN'T
REALLY DONE A LOT FOR US TO
IMPROVE CRASH DATA MUCH AND
WE'RE FINDING OUT A LOT
OF THAT.
OF COURSE NO SURPRISE TO ME IS
PEOPLE INSTEAD OF THE STREETS
NARROW ON THE STREETS AND ALL
THIS IS A LOT OF IT HAS TO DO
WITH PEOPLE'S BEHAVIORS.
AND I MENTIONED WITH THE FOURTH
STREET PROJECT THERE WASN'T
MUCH TALK ABOUT IT BUT I DID
MENTION THAT WE WANTED APES
DOWN THERE WHERE THEY'RE
PLANNING AND PUT IN A NEW
CROSSWALK.
AND I ALSO REALIZED I WAS
TALKING TO THE MIC SO I
MENTIONED THAT AND THEN OUR
NEXT ONE IS TONIGHT TONIGHT AT
SEVEN P.M. AND YOU CAN LOOK AT
THAT ON C10 IF YOU WANT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU, LARRY, FOR ALL
YOUR WORK IN THE UPDATE FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION.
WE DO APPRECIATE YOU SITTING ON
THAT COMMISSION AND ALL THE
WORK AND ADVOCACY YOU DO THERE.
>> THANK YOU SIR.
>> NEXT'S AND LIFTS UNLESS
THERE WERE ANY QUESTIONS.
>> OK, COMMISSIONER MOSAD YOU
PIQUED MY INTEREST, LARRY WITH
IN REGARDS TO THE TRANSIT HUB
AT MADISON AND HOOVER IS THAT
FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
THAT SEEMS TO BE WHAT I GATHER
IS IT SEEMS TO BE A JOINT
PROJECT BETWEEN THE CITY AND
THE UNIVERSITY AND THEY WERE
TALKING ABOUT BOTH BUSSES GOING
THERE AND A LOT OF BUT STILL
KIND OF UNDER CONSTRUCTION.
>> WE'RE TALKING ABOUT BOTH
AT&T AND YOU OF BUSSES GOING
THROUGH THERE.
OK, THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS FOR LARRY AT THIS TIME
ON THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION ALREADY MOVING ON TO
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
COUNSEL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
MEETING UPDATE WITH
COMMISSIONER MATTHEW SALOMON
MATTHEW, GOOD AFTERNOON.
>> HELLO EVERYBODY.
SO THE COUNSEL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS MET ON TUESDAY,
DECEMBER THE 9TH.
IT MET ON ZOOME.
ALL OF THESE MEETINGS ARE OPEN
TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO ATTEND
VIA RESUME THE DISCUSSION ON
THE 9TH AT THE LAST MEETING
REALLY FOCUSED UPON
COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES BY
MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL SO IT
TURNED INTO AN EXTENDED
DISCUSSION OF HOW FOLKS
PREFERRED TO RECEIVE
INFORMATION FROM THE COUNCIL
ITSELF.
THERE WAS TREMENDOUS DIVERSITY
OF OPINIONS ABOUT PEOPLE
PREFERRING EMAIL ON ONE HAND
WANTING SOME KIND OF SLACK
CHANNEL ON THE OTHER HAND
WANTING TO USE VARIOUS OTHER
COMMUNICATION METHODS
FRUSTRATION WAS EXPRESSED ABOUT
GETTING TOO MANY MESSAGES.
>> ALSO FRUSTRATION WAS
EXPRESSED ABOUT GETTING TOO FEW
SO THERE REALLY WAS NOT GREAT
UNANIMITY.
>> THERE WAS A BROAD VARIETY
OF OPINIONS THAT WERE GIVEN.
THERE WAS SOME POLL RESULTS
WHICH LIKEWISE SEEMED VERY MUCH
DIVIDED IN TERMS OF WHAT PEOPLE
PREFERRED.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THE THE COUNCIL
IS GOING TO HOLD STEADY WITH
ITS COMMUNICATION WHICH HAPPENS
THROUGH BASICALLY WEEKLY
UPDATES THAT ARE SENT TO ANYONE
ON THE EMAIL LIST.
THERE MAY BE OTHER FORMS
OF COMMUNICATION THAT ARE BEGUN
.
>> IT'S UNCLEAR TO ME WHETHER
THOSE ARE GOING TO TO HAPPEN OR
NOT.
>> THERE WAS ALSO A DESIRE TO
HAVE MORE OF A NETWORK WHERE
PEOPLE COULD COMMUNICATE
DIRECTLY WITH EACH OTHER WHO
WERE INTERESTED IN DISABILITY
ISSUES ON THE UM CAMPUS RATHER
THAN HAVING TO GO THROUGH THE
COUNCIL ITSELF.
>> THERE WAS SOME INTEREST IN
MODES AND WAYS OF CONNECTING
MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL TO ONE
ANOTHER.
>> SO THAT'S DEFINITELY ON THE
RADAR OF THE COUNCIL
AND WE'LL
SEE HOW THAT DEVELOPS MOVING
FORWARD.
>> BUT I THINK FOR NOW THE
COMMUNICATION MODALITIES ARE
GOING TO REMAIN THE SAME AND
ANYONE WHO'S INTERESTED CAN ADD
THEMSELVES TO THAT EMAIL LIST
AND GET THE UPDATES BASICALLY
EVERY WEEK.
I THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON.
AND JUST FOR MEMBERS OF THE
COMMUNITY, THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS, IT'S A
TUESDAY ONCE A MONTH.
THAT'S CORRECT.
YOU CAN CHECK OUT THE WEBSITE.
IT'S PRETTY EASY TO GET ON THE
MAILING LIST AND YOU'LL GET THE
ZOOM LINK IN ADVANCE OF THE
MEETING.
>> SO VERY EASY TO ATTEND VIA
ZOOM.
>> THANK YOU, MATTHEW AND THANK
YOU TO ALL ON THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS FOR THEIR
WORK IN OUR COMMUNITY AND
ACROSS CAMPUS.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MR. KEELER HAS HIS HANDS UP.
OH, I'M SO SORRY VICE CHAIRMAN.
>> THAT'S BECAUSE YOU CAN'T SEE
IN THE BACK OF HIS HEAD INTO
THE SIDE BUT UM, THE QUESTION I
HAVE FOR YOU, COMMISSIONER
SULLIVAN SOLOMON IS UM DO THEY
HAVE IN CASE WE WERE TO MISS
MEETINGS OR WANT TO LOOK AT
SOMETHING?
DO YOU HAVE LIKE THE CITY DOES
AT THE COMMISSION'S A TWO TRACK
GOV COMMISSIONS AND BOARDS AND
COMMISSIONS AND YOU HAVE THE
PLACE WHERE YOU CAN GO TO A
RECORDED MEETING.
DO YOU GUYS RECORD YOUR
MEETINGS AND HAVE THEM RECORDED
SO WE COULD LISTEN TO THEM AT
OUR LEISURE IF WE HAPPEN TO
MISS ONE?
>> THAT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
I DON'T KNOW FOR CERTAIN
WHETHER THE MEETINGS ARE
RECORDED OR NOT.
THE SLIDES ARE GENERALLY
CIRCULATED WITH SOME NOTES
APPROXIMATELY ONE WEEK AFTER
THE MEETING SO IF YOU'RE ON
THAT EMAIL LIST YOU'LL GET
SLIDES, NOTES, VARIOUS THINGS I
I'M NOT SURE ABOUT THE MEETING
RECORDINGS.
I'VE NEVER TRIED TO ACCESS ONE
AND I HAVEN'T TRULY NOTICED
WHETHER THEY ARE BEING RECORDED
OR NOT.
>> I COULDN'T SAY FOR SURE IF
YOU COULD SEND ME A PLACE WHERE
I COULD THE LINK WHERE I COULD
GO TO THAT I TRY TO SIGN UP FOR
AT LEAST SO I CAN KIND OF LOOK
AT THE MINUTES FROM THE MEETING
OR WHATEVER IS PUBLISHED FOR
THE MEETING.
>> SO I KIND OF KNOW A LITTLE
BIT YEAH I'LL BE HAPPY TO FAUJI
THAT THAT EMAIL ADDRESS AND IF
YOU WRITE TO THE CHAIR MCGUINTY
I'M SURE PAM WILL BE HAPPY TO
ADD YOU AND ANSWER THE QUESTION
ABOUT WHETHER ANY OF THE
RECORDINGS ARE ARCHIVED,
WHETHER THE SLIDES ARE BEING
ARCHIVED.
>> I JUST DON'T KNOW THE ANSWER
TO THAT.
>> WELL THANK YOU.
I THINK THAT MIGHT BE KIND
OF HELPFUL.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
OK, COMMISSIONER PACKARDS, I
JUST WANTED TO SAY I APPRECIATE
WHAT YOU'RE DOING THERE AND AS
A U OF M GRADUATE I'D LOVE TO
ALSO BEYOND THAT EMAIL LIST AND
JOIN THE NEXT ROOM.
SO THANK THAT MEANS THAT I WILL
FOR THIS INFORMATION TO KENNEDY
AND KENNEDY CAN CIRCULATE WITH
THE COMMISSION.
GLAD TO HEAR THAT OTHERS ARE
INTERESTED IN JOINING THOSE
MEETINGS.
THEY'RE TYPICALLY WELL ATTENDED
AND OFTEN INFORMATIVE.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, MATTHEW.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER PACARD
,ANY OTHER QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS FOR U OF M COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE AT THIS TIME.
ALL RIGHT.
SEEING NONE MOVING ON TO EACH
AIRPORT.
SO GOOD TO SEE EVERYONE HERE IN
PERSON.
IT'S REALLY NICE TO BE BACK AND
COUNCIL CHAMBERS AGAIN.
SO THANK YOU TO THE CITY FOR
PROVIDING US THIS OPPORTUNITY
AS YOUR CHAIRMAN AS VICE CHAIR
KEELER MENTIONED IT STARTING IN
THE NEW YEAR.
UNFORTUNATELY DUE TO OUR BYLAWS
AND ALSO JUST A LITTLE CHANGE
AS CHAIRMAN I WILL BE STEPPING
INTO THE VICE CHAIRMAN ROLE IN
THE NEW YEAR.
>> SO JUST SO YOU GUYS KNOW, IT
HAS BEEN A PLEASURE TO SERVE
THIS COMMUNITY AND TO SERVE ALL
OF YOU AS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES.
PLEASE THAT I WILL NOT BE GOING
FAR AND I I'M HONORED TO BE
SERVING WITH THE INCOMING
CHAIRMAN MR. LARRY KEELER TO
CONTINUE EFFORTS TO MAKING OUR
CITY ACCESSIBLE FOR ALL SO I
WANT TO JUST THANK EVERYONE FOR
THIS TREMENDOUS OPPORTUNITY
THAT HAS BEEN PROVIDED TO BE
YOUR CHAIRMAN AND I LOOK
FORWARD TO CONTINUING TO HELP
OUR MISSION OF MAKING IN ARBER
ACCESSIBLE TO ALL AND NEXT I
HAD AN UPDATE I WANTED TO GIVE
AN UPDATE ON A CALENDAR EVENT
NOW THIS IS NOT UNTIL THE
SPRING BUT I WANTED TO MENTION
THIS NOW AND I'LL MENTION IT AS
THE SPRING COMES ABOUT BUT A
VERY IMPORTANT EVENT THE VOICES
IN ACTION SELF ADVOCACY DAY
WILL BE AT THE MICHIGAN STATE
CAPITAL ON APRIL 15TH FROM NINE
A.M. TO FOUR P.M. AND SO ANYONE
WHO IS A DISABILITY ADVOCATE
WEATHER HERE IN ANN ARBOR OR
AROUND OUR STATE IN OUR
COMMUNITY AND IN THE DISABILITY
COMMUNITY CAN ATTEND THAT THE
VOICES AND ACTION OF SELF
ADVOCACY DAY AND OF COURSE AS
THAT NEARS IN THE SPRING WE'LL
PROVIDE MORE INFORMATION ON
THAT.
>> THAT IS ALL THAT I HAVE THIS
TIME FOR THE CHAIR REPORT.
BUT I DID WANT TO AGAIN THANK
OUR COMMUNITY FOR ALL OF THE
OPPORTUNITY GIVEN IT'S A
PLEASURE AND A PRIVILEGE TO
LIVE HERE AND BE IN ANN ARBOR.
RIGHT.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> OH, YOU STILL GOING TO BE
BUSY?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THAT IS MY CHAIR REPORT.
MOVING ON IS THERE ANY OH I'M
SORRY DO WE HAVE A COMMENT?
KENNEDY I DID WANT TO SAY
SOMETHING MRS. COUNCIL MEMBER
GOSIA DON'T JUST WANT TO THANK
YOU, COMMISSIONER TAYLOR DAMON
FOR YOUR SERVICE AND FOR REALLY
LEADING THE COMMISSION AND
WEEDING OUT EVERYONE'S WORK.
>> REALLY DONE AN OUTSTANDING
JOB AND I'M EXCITED TO WELCOME
COMMISSIONER KILLORAN AS THE
NEXT CHAIR.
>> SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU CHAIR TEAM AND THANK
YOU.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER AND
THANK YOU EVERYONE.
I APPRECIATE THAT AND LOOK
FORWARD TO CONTINUING OUR GREAT
WORK TOGETHER AS A COMMISSION
AS A GREAT TEAM IF THERE ARE NO
ANY MORE COMMENTS I'D LIKE TO
MOVE ON TO OLD BUSINESS KENNEDY
DO WE HAVE ANY OLD BUSINESS AT
THIS TIME WE DON'T HAVE ANY OLD
BUSINESS ON THE AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY COMMISSIONER
PRESENT THAT HAS ANY OLD
BUSINESS FOR THE COMMISSION AT
THIS TIME?
SEE NONE.
WE HAVE NO OLD BUSINESS.
OK, MOVING ON TO NEW BUSINESS.
IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS AT
THIS TIME THE COMMISSION WOULD
LIKE TO BRING FORWARD I
REMEMBER AT WHAT OF OUR LAST
MEETINGS WE WERE IN DISCUSSIONS
ABOUT BYLAWS AND VOTING AND
CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR.
IS THAT WOULD THAT BE UNDER OLD
BUSINESS OR NEW BUSINESS
BECAUSE I KNOW WE KIND
OF DEFERRED SAYING WE COULDN'T
MAKE CHANGES BUT DIDN'T KNOW IF
IF IF THAT WAS SOMETHING WE
WERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT TODAY.
>> I'M SURE GREAT QUESTION.
>> COMMISSIONER KEELER, YOU
HAVE A COMMENT THAT THAT SHOULD
HAVE BEEN UNDER OLD BUSINESS.
I WAS THINKING SINCE WE TALKED
ABOUT IT AND I JUST WAS
SOMEWHERE ELSE UM THAT WAS
UNDER OLD BUSINESS AND I WAS
PROPOSING IN OUR OUR PARTNERS
AND ACCESS COMMITTEE THAT WE
TAKE THAT AND AND DO SOME MORE
MAKE A COMMITTEE, MAKE IT
COMMITTEE AND DO A DEEPER I
TAKE A DEEPER LOOK AT THE
BYLAWS BECAUSE WHEN I FIRST
BROUGHT THEM UP I WAS THINKING
THAT WE WANTED TO DO SOMETHING
TO TRY TO MAKE SURE THAT THE
ELECTIONS WERE WHAT THEY SHOULD
BE AND WE DID THAT.
BUT I STILL WANT TO STILL THINK
WE SHOULD GO OVER AND TAKE A
LOOK AT THE BYLAWS COMMITTEE.
>> SO I THINK THAT NEXT I'LL BE
CALLING FOR A COMMITTEE CHAIR
OR A COMMITTEE TO DO THIS AND
I'D BE WILLING TO TO BE PART
OF THAT COMMITTEE BUT I THINK
BY WE SHOULD HAVE PLENTY
OF TIME TO WORK ON THAT AND WE
SHOULD HAVE SOME SEMINARS
BECAUSE I'M NOT VERY GOOD AT
WORK.
I'M HALFWAY DECENT BUT NOT VERY
GOOD AT WORDSMITH.
>> SO WE COULD WORDSMITH THE
NEW CHANGES IF WE COME UP WITH
ANY THANK LARRY.
>> YEAH, THANK YOU LARRY.
AND AND YEAH I MEAN BEING ABLE
TO REVIEW THE BYLAWS FOLKS I
MEAN SEEING IF WE SEE IT
SUFFICIENT IF INDIVIDUALS STILL
HOLD A POSITION AND IF THEY
WANT TO CONTINUE TO DO THAT AS
OUR BYLAWS STAND NOW AS ALL
OF YOU KNOW, YOU CAN ONLY HOLD
A CERTAIN POSITION FOR SO LONG
BEFORE HAVING TO STEP AWAY.
SO YEAH, I THINK I THINK THIS
IS A GOOD DISCUSSION AND LARRY,
I HOPE OUR BYLAWS COMMITTEE CAN
CAN BE YOUR YIELD FRUITFUL
RESULTS UH, ANY OTHER NEW
BUSINESS TODAY AND OF COURSE
THE OH SORRY I DIDN'T GET
RECOGNIZED THERE.
>> SURE.
VICE CHAIR KEELER AND OF COURSE
NEXT MONTH AND UNLESS YOU WANT
TO DO IT NOW NEXT THEY'LL BE
CALLING FOR SOMEONE TO TAKE
OVER THE RECRUITING ACTIVITY
AND SOMEONE TO TAKE OVER THE
CHAIR OF THE PEIA COMMITTEE
WHICH MEANS I MAY I MAY STILL
BE ON THERE BUT I WOULD HAND
THE CHAIR TO SOMEONE ELSE IF
THEY WOULD LIKE IT.
COMMISSIONER PARKER, ARE WE
ASKING FOR VOLUNTEERS AT THIS
MEETING?
IF YOU WANT WE COULD WANT
CLARIFICATION.
SO FOR THE SUBCOMMITTEES IT'LL
HAVE TO BE A VOTE SO IF YOU
WOULD LIKE TO BECOME THE CHAIR
OF THE SUBCOMMITTEE, YOU GUYS
CAN DISCUSS IT NOW IT'S UP TO
YOU, LARRY, FOR THE I KNOW PP
WE'RE CURRENTLY MEETING ON THIS
IS AT THE DEBATE WEDNESDAY WITH
THE RECRUITING COMMITTEE.
>> WHAT WHAT DAY IS THAT
MEETING?
WELL, THE COMMUNITY WE DON'T
HAVE WE DON'T HAVE A MEETING
SUCH AS JUST ME.
>> OH, IT'S JUST YOU.
BUT I MEAN IT CAN BE YOU CAN
YOU CAN HAVE A COMMITTEE IF YOU
LIKE.
YOU CAN HAVE ONE OR TWO OTHER
PEOPLE.
BUT THE WAY THE WAY IT'S BEEN
WORKING FOR RECRUITING IS WE'LL
FIND IT ME AS VICE CHAIR AND
RECRUITING ACTIVITY MEMBER AND
OUR CHAIR OUR ACTING CHAIR NOW
WE WOULD CONSULT OVER WE WOULD
INTERVIEW AND THEN CONSULT OVER
THE WHETHER THE INTERVIEW WAS
TO BE BROUGHT TO THE COMMISSION
AND WE'D BRING IT TO THE
COMMISSION THE INFORMATION AND
PASS IT AND SEND IT ON TO THE
CITY COUNCIL.
BUT I'M THINKING THAT IF WE
HAVE A RECRUITING MEMBER OTHER
THAN COMMISSIONER COMMISSIONER
DAYMAN WE'D ALL DO THAT.
WE COULD DO THAT AS A COMMITTEE
IF COMMISSIONER DAYMAN WOULDN'T
MIND HAVING A RECRUITING PERSON
IN WITH US AND IT WOULD BE THE
THREE OF US THAT WOULD GO OVER
AN INTERVIEW AND THEN BRING IT
IN THE COMMITTEE THE RECRUITING
ACTIVITIES PERSON'S JOB WOULD
BE TO BRING IT TO US TO GET THE
INTERVIEW ONE AND I'D HOPE TO
JUST TO PIGGYBACK OFF OF THAT
TO COMMISSIONER HAWKINS IN YOUR
QUESTION SO YOU KNOW, AS VICE
CHAIR KILLER POINTED OUT.
THAT'S CORRECT.
I TYPICALLY LARRY AND I OR
OTHERS WHO WOULD VOLUNTEER WE
WOULD ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO APPLY
THAT TO THE COMMISSION AND THEN
ONCE THEY SUBMIT AN APPLICATION
REVIEW THOSE APPLICATIONS AND
THEN SET UP A TIME FOR AN
INTERVIEW AND THEN BASED UPON
THEIR THEIR INTERVIEW PROCESSES
AND HOW WE FEEL THAT THEY DID
WOULD THEN FORWARD THEM TO THE
COMMISSION FOR REVIEW AND THEN
BASED UPON THE COMMISSION'S
VOTE AND APPROVAL WOULD THEN
PUT IT FORWARD TO CITY COUNCIL
FOR APPROVAL.
SO THAT'S MAINLY HOW RECRUITING
ACTIVITY HAS GONE AND TO
PIGGYBACK OFF OF VICE CHAIRMAN,
NOT WHAT I WOULD HOPE FOR IN
THE FUTURE OF THE RECRUITING
COMMITTEE IF THERE WAS A
COMMITTEE THAT IS FORMED IS
THAT THERE BE SOME ACTIVE
ACTION AND RECRUITMENT IN TERMS
OF BEING ABLE TO TO CHECK
INDIVIDUALS HANDS AND TELL THEM
WHY BEING ON A COMMISSION FOR
OUR GREAT CITY IS BENEFICIAL,
WHY IT'S SOMETHING THAT IS
WORTHWHILE AND SOME DIFFERENT
THINGS TO BE ABLE TO ENCOURAGE
UH, COMMUNITY MEMBERS TO BE A
PART OF A COMMISSION AND
BECAUSE YOU WOULD BE SURPRISED
AT HOW MANY I RUN INTO AND SOME
OF THE COMMUNITY THAT DON'T
NECESSARILY KNOW HOW TO BECOME
INVOLVED WITH THE COMMISSION.
SO I WOULD HOPE THAT THE
RECRUITING ACTIVITY OR THE
RECRUITING COMMITTEE RATHER
COULD ALSO MAKE THAT PROCESS A
LITTLE BIT MORE ON THE
FOREFRONT OF THOUGHT IN OUR
COMMUNITY SO THAT COMMUNITY
MEMBERS WOULD KNOW WHERE TO
LOOK AND ALSO KNOW HOW TO APPLY
FOR GIVEN COMMISSIONS IF THEY
SO CHOOSE AND AND IT ALSO
SOUNDS LIKE MAKING MAKING THE
PROCESS MORE ACCESSIBLE AND
TRANSPARENT IN TERMS OF PEOPLE
UNDERSTANDING HOW TO BECOME
INVOLVED AND WHAT KINDS
OF STEPS WOULD BE INVOLVED TO
START THAT INTERVIEW PROCESS.
>> SURE.
ABSOLUTELY.
COMMISSIONER MOZOTE, I'M
WONDERING IF WE SHOULD USE
TONIGHT AS THE BOUNCING OFF
POINT RATHER THAN TRYING TO
FIND OUT WHO MAY OR MAY NOT BE
INTERESTED TONIGHT IN PLACING A
VOTE BECAUSE WE ARE MISSING
COMMISSIONER IS HERE TONIGHT
THAT ARE WITH US.
>> IT WOULD GIVE US A MONTH FOR
PEOPLE TO THINK ABOUT IT.
>> THERE MAY BE PEOPLE WHO ARE
LIKE WELL THAT SOUNDS REALLY
INTERESTING BUT I NEED TIME.
>> SO MY PROPOSAL IS THAT WE WE
LISTEN MAYBE A LITTLE BIT MORE
ABOUT WHAT THOSE JOBS ENTAIL
AND THEN WE TAKE SOME SORT
OF VOTE OR IN JANUARY.
COMMISSIONER PAGAD I GUESS I
HAVE A QUESTION AND A COMMENT.
WE HAVE TWO OPENINGS FOR
COMMISSIONERS.
>> I DON'T KNOW WE HAVE A
REQUIREMENT TO HAVE SOME
PERCENTAGE WITH A DISABILITY OR
NOT.
I'M NOT SURE WHETHER THOSE TWO
WOULD BE REQUIRED OR NOT THAT
MIGHT BE GOOD TO KNOW IN THE
NEXT MONTH JUST FOR THOSE
EFFORTS AND ON THE ISSUE
OF RECRUITING, I JUST WANTED TO
THROW OUT A PLUG THAT THIS WAS
A DISCUSSION THAT I HAD WOULD
WITH ZACH A LITTLE WHILE AGO
WHAT I WAS TALKING ABOUT
CONCERNS I HAD ABOUT SOME
THINGS IN THE AREA AND IT'S
QUITE A PRIVILEGE TO BE ABLE TO
BE ON THIS COMMISSION AND BE
ABLE TO SEE SOMETHING LIKE
ASTAIRE'S THAT NEEDS A YELLOW
BUMPER DEMARKATION TO TO HELP
PEOPLE SO KIND OF BY BEING HERE
WE CAN HELP SAVE LIVES, SAVE
TRIPS TO THE HOSPITAL AND MAKE
THE CITY A BETTER PLACE.
THE FACT THAT OUR NEIGHBOR HAS
A COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES I FEEL MAKES US ONE
OF THE GREATEST CITIES AROUND
SO I HOPE PEOPLE DO APPLY FOR
THOSE LAST TWO POSITIONS YOU
JUST HAVE TO GO ONLINE, FIND
THE LINK AT THE CITY WEBSITE
AND EMAIL IT OUT.
THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE ALL RIGHT
THERE AND THEN YOU GET A NICE
INTERVIEW WITH US THAT'S PASSED
ALONG TO THE FULL COMMISSION.
BUT IT'S A IT'S A GREAT HONOR
AND PRIVILEGE.
>> SO ALSO JUST THE IDEA
OF MAYBE MERGING PARTNERS AND
ACCESS WITH RECRUITING AND WE
CAN DISCUSS THAT AND IT KIND
OF TOGETHER JUST AN IDEA BUT
AND I FEEL LIKE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT AND PARTNERS ACCESS
WE ALREADY HAVE ONE MEETING SO
I THINK THAT'S SOMETHING WE CAN
ALSO DISCUSS IF IF IT IF WE IT
MAKES SENSE TO HAVE ONE
SUBCOMMITTEE MEETING BUT I HAVE
A COUPLE OF DIFFERENT
COMMITTEES WITHIN IT.
>> I'M YEAH I MEAN AS AS
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ POINTED
OUT FOLKS DEFINITELY YOU KNOW
INTERESTED IN DISCUSSING US
MORE AS AN AGENDA ITEM FOR
JANUARY AND SEEING HOW WE CAN
MOVE FORWARD WITH THIS, WHETHER
IT'S A PART OF THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE OR IF IT IS
ITS OWN COMMITTEE.
>> COMMISSIONER KEELER NOW IT'S
MY UNDERSTANDING THAT WE DON'T
HAVE TO VOTE FOR THE CHAIRS
OF THE COMMITTEES OR ACTIVITIES
SO IF SOMEBODY WANTS TO BE
RECRUITING, WANTS TO COME UP
AND EXPRESS BEING COMMUNITY, WE
JUST HAVE TO SORT OF SAY OK,
YOU'RE FOR IT AND AND
ESPECIALLY IN THE OTHER
COMMITTEE TO IN THE AND IF I IF
YOU WANT TO BE IF YOU'RE
ALREADY ON THE PIER AND YOU
WANT TO BE CHAIR AT THE NEXT
MEETING IF YOU WANT TO ARE
INTERESTED IN BEING CHAIR WE
CAN DO THAT THROUGH THE
COMMITTEE, BRING IT UP TO THE
COMMISSION AFTER WE'RE DONE.
>> I THINK WE CAN DO IT THAT
WAY.
AND ALSO COMMISSIONER PACARD,
I'M GOING TO ASK YOU ABOUT THAT
OTHER VENUE YOU WERE TALKING
ABOUT NEXT MONTH FOR THE YELLOW
STRIPING.
>> YES.
AND LET'S YOU HAVE IT NOW JUST
LET ME KNOW BY THE NEXT AA
MEETING WE WERE TALKING ABOUT
APPROACHING THE VENUTO, OK?
>> I DO WANT TO GIVE A POINT
OF INFORMATION IF THERE ARE
MULTIPLE PEOPLE INTERESTED IN
BEING THE CHAIR OF THE
SUBCOMMITTEE, THE COMMISSION
WILL NEED TO VOTE ON WHO WOULD
BE SELECTED UNDERSTOOD?
YEAH.
THANK YOU CANDY.
THANK I'M SORRY.
GOOD WITH TABLING THE
DISCUSSION ON RECRUITMENT
ACTIVITY AND HOW THAT IS TO GO
FORWARD FOR THE JANUARY
MEETING.
>> OK, YES.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY ADDITIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
AT THIS TIME?
JUST THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION MEETING IS TONIGHT
AT SEVEN AND YOU CAN SEE THAT
ON CTM AND I THINK YOU CAN GO
TO BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS.
I FORGOT THE I DON'T REMEMBER
THE ACCESS NO TO THE TO CALL IN
AS PUBLIC.
>> ANNOUNCER BECAUSE I'VE SORT
OF GOT IT AT HOME.
BUT YOU CAN ALSO LOOK ON
THEY'LL ALSO LET YOU KNOW AT
THE BEGINNING ON AND ON WHEN
THE MEETING BEGINS I'LL GIVE
YOU ALL THAT INFORMATION TO.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY AND OH
COMMISSIONER PACKARD, REAL
QUICK I JUST WANTED TO SAY
WHILE WE'RE ALL HERE TOGETHER
WE'RE IN CURVES TO SHARE OUR
INFORMATION FOR WHAT WE HAD
DISCUSSED FOR KEEPING US ALL IN
TOUCH WITH EACH OTHER AND I
DON'T KNOW IF WE WANT TO DECIDE
THIS TONIGHT BUT IF YOU'RE ABLE
TO IF YOU'RE HERE IN PERSON, IF
YOU'RE ABLE TO SHARE YOUR
CONTACT
INFORMATION WITH ME SO
WE CAN CONTINUE TO MAKE THAT
CONTACT SHEET, THAT'D BE GREAT.
>> THANK YOU.
AND THEN THE OTHER THING IS I
DON'T KNOW IF WE WANT TO
DISCUSS WHETHER WE'RE GOING TO
MEET IN PERSON FOR FUTURE
MEETINGS OR HOW WE WANT TO
PROCEED OR DO IT EVERY OTHER
MONTH OR OR HOW WE SO THE
MEETINGS WILL GO BACK TO
VIRTUALLY OK.
>> THIS MEETING IS FOR A NICE
PHOTO.
>> THANK YOU.
I MEAN BUT IT'S DEFINITELY UP
FOR I MEAN, YOU KNOW, LATER
DISCUSSION WHETHER WE WANT TO
TALK ABOUT THIS NOW OR WE CAN
TABLE THAT FOR JAN WHETHER WE
OH THANKS.
>> WELL, NO, LARRY NO I AGREE.
>> YEAH, I AGREE.
YOU SHOULD WE SHOULD WE SHOULD
VISIT THAT ISSUE.
>> SURE.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, IT IS A GREAT
FACILITY HERE, YOU KNOW, IN
COUNCIL CHAMBERS AND THEY DO A
GREAT JOB OF HELPING KEEP US
ORGANIZED AND AND HOPEFULLY ON
TASK.
AND SO, YOU KNOW, I THINK IT IS
UP FOR DISCUSSION AND I THINK
THAT'S SOMETHING IN MY OPINION
THAT WE CAN DISCUSS NOW OR WE
IN TABLE THAT FOR JAN TO MAKE
SURE WE HAVE THE FULL
COMMISSION AND TALK ABOUT
WHETHER WE WOULD LIKE TO DO
MORE MEETINGS HERE, THE COUNCIL
CHAMBERS IN PERSON OR CONTINUE
ALL THE MEETINGS VIRTUALLY
COMMISSIONER KEILLER, I WOULD
MOVE TO TABLE THAT AND TO TABLE
THAT ISSUE AND TELL AT LEAST
NEXT MONTH.
>> OK, I'LL SECOND THAT.
>> ALL RIGHT.
IT SOUNDS LIKE SOMEBODY ELSE
WANTED TO SAY SOMETHING I JUST
HAD A COMMENT BUT SINCE WE'RE
TABLING IT'S NOT NECESSARILY
YOU WANT HEAR IT ANYWAY.
>> I GUESS MY COMMENT IS THAT I
REALLY LOVE SEEING YOU ALL IN
PERSON AND I KNOW IT'S BEEN A
WHILE BUT I KNOW IN TERMS
OF ACCESSIBILITY THAT WE I
THINK IF WE DO GO BACK TO
IN-PERSON WE SHOULD STILL HAVE
A HYBRID OPTION ESPECIALLY FOR
PEOPLE WHO HAVE CHRONIC
ILLNESSES AND TRANSPORT ISSUES.
>> SO I THINK WHILE I LOVE
COMING IN PERSON AND SEEING IT
ALL IN PERSON, I THINK WE
SHOULD DEFINITELY BE MINDFUL
OF REMAINING AS SUCCESSFUL AS
POSSIBLE FOR PEOPLE BASED ON
WHO CAN ATTEND BASED ON HOW
THEY'RE DOING THAT DAY.
>> SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
AND I DEFINITELY SECOND THAT I
MEAN, YOU KNOW FOLKS THAT WAS
THE BIGGEST REASON WHY I WENT
VIRTUAL AND WE STAYED VIRTUAL.
WELL WE WENT VIRTUAL OBVIOUSLY
DUE TO THE PANDEMIC BUT THEN WE
STAYED VIRTUAL FOR THE THE FACT
THAT IT WAS MORE ACCESSIBLE FOR
ALL TO BE A PART OF THESE
VIRTUAL MEETINGS AND TAKE PART
SO THANK YOU AND I APPRECIATE
YOUR SENTIMENT THERE.
SO YEAH, I THINK THAT'S
SOMETHING WE CAN DEFINITELY
DISCUSS BUT I DO ENJOY SEEING
EVERYONE IN PERSON AS WELL.
>> ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS.
>> ALL RIGHT.
AS CHAIRMAN I HAVE ONE FINAL
COMMUNICATION.
I JUST WANT TO CONGRATULATE A
CITY STAFF MEMBER.
I UNDERSTAND IT IS THEIR FINAL
WEEK AND I'VE WORKED WITH THIS
GENTLEMAN OFF AND ON FOR A LONG
TIME SO I WANT TO JUST SAY
CONGRATULATE STATIONS TO CITY
STAFF MYCOSKIE THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK ON A VERY
WELL-DESERVED RETIREMENT WISH
HIM ALL THE BEST IN HIS FUTURE
ENDEAVORS AND THANK HIM FOR ALL
OF HIS SERVICE TO THE CITY AND
TO THE COMMUNITY TELEVISION
NETWORK AND TO COMMUNICATIONS
AT LARGE.
CONGRATULATIONS, MIKE.
>> VERY WELL DESERVED.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU ALL RIGHT.
>> IF THERE IS NO OTHER
COMMUNICATIONS THIS EVENING, IS
THERE A MOTION TO ADJOURN?
>> I'LL MOVE TO ADJOURN.
>> OK, VICE CHAIRMAN KILLER
MOVES TO ADJOURN IS THERE
SECOND OH CIRCUIT OR IT'S A
TIE.
ALL RIGHT, COMMISSIONER, BACK
IN SECONDS.
ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING
TODAY AT FIVE FOUR ON DECEMBER
17TH PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY AY
AY.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE ARE MEETING
IS ADJOURNED.
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR TO THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK AND TO OUR
COMMUNITY AND WE WILL SEE YOU
NEXT MONTH.
WHO'S THE PHOTOGRAPHER?
>> OH, I THOUGHT YOU